# National-City-Bank-Credit-Offer
A group project in my data mining for business course, in which we performed basic EDA and deployed models to predict top 100 prospective customers for a credit offer among 1000 customers unseen data. 4000 customers’ historic data was used to build different models such as Decision trees, random forest, KNN, and logistic regression.

You are part of a research and modeling team at National City Bank.  You team has been asked to create a customer propensity model for a new product, specifically a line of credit against a household’s car. Since the line of credit product is only in pilot, you are asked to identify the next 100 customers from a prospective customer list to contact.  Bankers will call and direct mail will be sent to households your model identifies with the greatest probability of accepting the offer.  Once your team has modeled and identified the customers, you must present your findings to the bank’s chief product officer.  Once she/he feels comfortable with your proposal, marketing will begin its process.  
You are asked to examine the historical data from 4000 previous calls and mailings for the line of credit offer.  Using this historical data, and any supplemental data, create a propensity model, evaluate it and identify by uniqueID the top 100 households to contact from the prospective customer list.  Additionally, bank executives are eager to learn more about the customer profile for historical and top prospective customers.  As a result, variable importance and sound EDA will aid the presentation.  
